Slack Guidelines (#4375)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/community.md

Please consider [Chris White](https://github.com/cicdw) the main point of contact for the Prefect repo.

# Slack

> We have a public [Slack](https://prefect-slackin.herokuapp.com/) for chatting about Prefect, asking questions, and sharing tips.

Reviewer: Is this the heroku app that we just replaced? cc @znicholasbrown

Reviewer 2: Yup it is - use this instead:
```suggestion
We have a public [Slack](https://prefect.io/slack) for chatting about Prefect, asking questions, and sharing tips.
```

**Rule 3: Avoid posting sensitive information**

Community members sometimes need to post code snippets as they ask for help. Be sure to remove sensitive information from posts to the public channels. If your Prefect account information is needed to help you, we will ask you to direct message such information. Be cautious of anyone asking for information through direct messages.

**Rule 4: Write high quality questions**

The Prefect community is here to support you. That said, it is significantly easier to answer well-researched and clearly-written questions. Even adding potentially relevant links to a post helps tremendously.
Informative Slack threads are archived by our resident bot Marvin. Having well-written threads helps future users encountering the same problem.

Oftentimes your question may have been answered somewhere else; some good resources to start looking before asking a question:
* Previous Slack messages (we do our best to archive relevant threads to GitHub!)
* [Prefect documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/core/development/documentation.html)
* [Github issues](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/issues)

> * StackOverflow

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/prefect)
```
